Reflect on a workshop activity.
1) Select a workshop in which you represented your band. Briefly describe the workshop. 
2) Select an activity in that workshop that provided significant opportunities for you to learn. Reflect on this workshop, summarising the workshop activity including your band’s collaborative work on it. 
3) Describe your contributions to the workshop and provide evidence of these contributions. This evidence should include at least 3 contributions including:
	1) Notes taken by you in your band’s workshop preparation for the week that you led the band.
	2) Evidence of representing the band during the workshop session. Other contributions could be: 
	3) Posting or answering questions on the discussion board. 
		1) Asking questions or providing answers/insights in the workshop. 
	4) Notes taken in the workshop. 
4) Describe what you learned from this workshop, particularly in the activity you identified, linking to the evidences you provide


## Rubric
##### 1) Description of learning
Excellent description of learning linking to workshop activities and concepts. Description clearly evidences how the activity and/or band’s interactions enabled learning, and how this learning can be applied to wider mathematical contexts.

##### 2) Summarise workshop and activity
Excellent summary provided that links strongly to the underlying learning rather than specific problem, and includes the key questions identified and findings of the band.

##### 3) Contributions
Description of contributions to band includes at least 4 evidences with clear explanation about how at least one of these facilitated learning in the band. Evidence and description of providing leadership, for example, peer mentoring.